In this lesson, we're going to get prepared for creating our load balances by crossing our target groups.
And we're going to create two different target groups one for the Albi and one for the NHLBI.
So back in the management console for two, if I scroll down to the bottom of the page here, you can
see under load balancing, you've got target groups.
So what we want to do is create a target group.
So as you can see here, you can choose instances, IP addresses or lambda functions.
Now, if you wanted to use microservices based architectures such as containers running on Docker or
XE, then you might use IP addresses.
We can use a lambda function if we have an eight as lambda function.
We want a routing.
We want to choose instances because we have auto scanning groups with two instances running and we want
to distribute incoming connections to those.
Now I'm going to call this one tJI Dash Ailbhe four protocol and pull.
It's going to be fdcp.
You can see we have several options here.
Hastie's HTTPS is what we want to use with the ALP and faced ETP.
The standard port is 80.
I'm going to leave that protocol version.
I'm going to leave as http one.
I can then optionally change the health check.
I'm happy with it being TCP and slash.
You can specify custom paths and then the load balance is going to check that that path exists and is
accessible and gets a return response of 200.
That's a success code.
We've up to show that that instance is healthy.
I'm happy leaving it as it is with a slash.
You can also change the health check settings.
For example, you can set the healthy threshold and that determines the number of successful consecutive
health checks before an instance is considered healthy.
So I might lower that's a free, for example, in my instances will become healthy a bit faster.
And you can see the interval here is 30 seconds, and what we're looking for here is a success code
of 200.
That's a typical success code for an fdcp request.
Let's now click on next.
I don't want to actually assign these instances to my auto scaling group.
You can do that here.
You can include as pending, I want to remove those.
And the reason being is we're going to attach our target group to our auto scanning group.
So let's just create this target group and we have our tag Albi.
Now let's create one, and this one is going to be for the NLP.
So I'm going to call it S.G., Dash and LP.
This time the protocol is going to be TCP, but the port is going to be the same because I'm still going
to have an HTP website running on my instance.
But I have to use TCP because remember, the NHLBI does not understand HTP.
We wouldn't be able to select this target group when creating a load balancer if we chose HTP.
So with TCP selects it, I can also change the health check.
Now the health check can be HTP.
That's fine.
The load balance of current routes based on HTP information, but it can make a connection request to
our instance.
So as with before, I'm just going to leave these options as they are, let's click on next and create
our target group.
So that's it.
We now have two target groups, and we're going to use these in subsequent lessons.